Added links to catalog use cases (#7779)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/message_orchestration/channel_extensions/ecommerce/shopify/shopify_features/shopify_catalogs.md

Modifying the Shopify catalog in any way may unintentionally interfere with real-time product syncs. Do not make any edits to the Shopify catalog, as these have the potential to be overridden by Shopify. Instead, make the necessary product updates in your Shopify instance.<br><br>To delete your Shopify catalog, go to the Shopify page and deactivate sync. Do not delete the Shopify catalog directly on the catalogs page. 
{% endalert %}

## Back-in-stock and price-drop use cases 

> To support back-in-stock notifications, follow the instructions [here](({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/catalogs/back_in_stock_notifications#back-in-stock-notifications).
> 
> To support price drop notifications, follow the instructions [here](({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/catalogs/price_drop_notifications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up back-in-stock notifications, follow the steps [here](({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/catalogs/back_in_stock_notifications#back-in-stock-notifications).

To set up price drop notifications, follow the steps [here](({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/catalogs/price_drop_notifications).
```

> Note that with the Shopify integration, you will need to create a custom event that captures a customer’s subscription status to your Catalog for each use case. The custom event will require an event property that will map to either the [SKU or Shopify variant ID](({{site.baseurl}}/partners/message_orchestration/channel_extensions/ecommerce/shopify/shopify_features/shopify_catalogs#step-2-select-your-product-identifier)) that you have selected as part of your Shopify product sync. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that with the Shopify integration, you'll need to create a custom event that captures a user's subscription status in your catalog for each use case. The custom event will require an event property that maps to either the [SKU or Shopify variant ID](({{site.baseurl}}/partners/message_orchestration/channel_extensions/ecommerce/shopify/shopify_features/shopify_catalogs#step-2-select-your-product-identifier)) that you have selected as part of your Shopify product sync. 
```
